welcome everyone through this week's IPL
desync meeting it's March the 2nd 2020
and as every week we go over the stuff
that we have done last week and that we
plan to do and then discuss any other
items we might have and also what we
normally do is we start with introducing
ourselves if there are new people on the
call if they want to introduce
themselves they don't have to and so
yeah
hi Chris I guess so
I've been a software developer and I've
been in medical imaging for about 20
years so long time and before I found
IPL D&I PFS was kind of thinking about
how it could change the way medical
images for I guess stored kind of
formats are pretty naive and have those
less issues with it I think that kind of
been vented that oh should be a graph
restructure that led me eventually to
IPL D and ipfs and really excited about
just you know learning more about the
project and seeing how I can help and
kind of in the drinking from the fire
hose mode right now and kind of actually
finding a little bit difficulty with how
to contribute and how to help and kind
of what the current status is it my
general feeling after that digging in
those last couple weeks is it's bit
tribal knowledge I don't you know in
some kind of extracting things share
there but it feels a little bit slow so
anyway that's kind of neat and hoping I
can find ways to help in and in good
size I'm actually trying to learn I
building trying hope out how I can and
also figure out how to get the medical
imaging work you fight building ipfs too
so that it kind of several concurrent
threads going good
things yeah that sounds pretty exciting
so could we have your the call yeah so
let's go over our weekly updates and in
the past week I haven't been a structure
that's last week so therefore it's not
very exciting but still and so I work on
the rust side of things and yeah things
are shaping up so I now so mottley hash
is in a good shape multi base is slowly
getting there and now I move on to rust
CID and also the other people so it's
kind of like a group of three or four
people are moving together with me like
from grade to grade and we make all of
our changes at the same time on the same
crates for whatever reason mmm but
that's pretty cool so yeah there is
there are many pull requests so expect a
better version of rust CID soon um and
also this also kind of news that I am
now officially the person of contact
protocol EPS for the rust
ipfs people so Molly basically made me
the person of contact so she was
previously and then I took it over now
um that's pretty cool and so also like
for the ipod et might be interesting so
my involvement so I plan to be really
like people involved in the ILD side of
things and for the IPS side of things
I'm mostly just watching so I don't
actually also don't do any any reviews
except they asked me for review but
basically they should mention those
things themselves but it's more a matter
of like if they need something or if
they think Oh someone from protocol Labs
should look over it or someone from the
other IPS teams to look over it they can
just contact me because I get sometimes
as Chris probably also found out
difficult to find out who is responsible
for what so I'm a person of contact for
them and then I will forward it
accordingly and to direct people then
also am some of the rust stuff is still
licensed under MIT only
and we kind of move air on the protocol
that stuff to MIT plus Apache
but this Musa you now need to ask every
contributor and to agree on the license
change and it's interesting that for
example at Sadie had only 40 commits but
11 people contributing and so hmmm yeah
but it's cool I'm getting there
and yeah and the last thing I did is
kind of related to also Phi quite a bit
is that the previous course you also
might have heard about some calculations
called comb comb P for there yeah it's
just like a yeah regulation of tennis is
for five coin and we want to run them at
larger scale on Emerson and I felt like
I really need to look into the miracle
tree stuff and I did and made kind of
screaming and now instead of using two
times the memory of the input size in
our text like five megabytes so ten
megabytes of RAM so this pretty cool
it's also basically this the scalp type
of worker that I've worked on my
previous job so this was kind of easy
but I still want to improve it because
the runtime is still not good and you
need to paralyze it but that's on my
to-do list and it's kind of like the
fire kind of work I won't do next week
and yeah that's it from me so next on my
list is Eric and hey it's cool to see
you Chris I now recognize you is we were
chatting on the IRC earlier I think and
I think your project idea is amazing so
I work on the go bang stuff mostly and
I've got a bunch of news that's at least
big to me over there and you will
probably recognize if you have tuned
into the last couple of weeks I've been
working on some coroner phase three
factors for a while they're all
basically in the name of performance and
unblocking some stuff that I wanted to
be able to do in the future around
cogeneration and going real fast and
today I finally have a commit in which
everything is granting and this is
an enormous terrifying diff it's many
thousands of lines it is overall
basically the entire size brats having a
laugh yeah all right it's the entire
size of the project again basically
almost this is including lots and lots
of lessons learned about how to use
internal pointers in order to make the
whole system be way more GC friendly and
generate less garbage in memory of the
first place all the traversal subsystem
is refactored to use these new
interfaces selectors are all we factor
the codecs are already factored their
shared benchmarks and tests for all
these things are using the new set of
assembler interfaces there's more of
those tests and this was also a great
chance to make them more consistent and
sort of stamp them out for all the
different packages in the same way so
that all happened a bunch of error type
consistency got fixed in the middle of
this because I basically rewrote all of
the notifications cool literally every
single thing is faster
some things are twice as fast some
things are four times as fast a bunch of
things went from all event allocations
to all of one allocations so they are
infinitely faster basically everything
is awesome and I'm so excited about that
canoe and after this I have no idea what
I'm doing in the next week because this
has been the focus for such a long time
I kind of have to come up for air so I
think after this I'm going to go through
the specs repo mapper and stuff that
needs to finishing Peters been poking me
about paths and some specs around there
maybe it's time to look at that with
full attention if anyone else has
suggestions about what I should look at
next
I will actually totally take one because
this is a moment where I have a breather
before jumping at anything else today so
there's a fun week and that's it for
good news whoo it's really exciting
given like how I wrote on all the stuff
so not much to report from me I
it'll be the comp a stuff little bit of
stuff for Michael he's fair project he's
working on
some dependencies were in my area most
of my time spent on this internal golang
for distributed systems course so I've
been formalizing my go laying knowledge
which has actually been more helpful
than I expected actually now I died and
I what I expected but just more helpful
in just formalizing my thinking about
certain things particularly their point
of semantics was something I'd never
really fully dropped what go was trying
to do with with its with its version of
pointers so and it's good to get
feedback from a bunch of go programmers
that are focused on teaching people go
so you know that's still ongoing this
week that it turns out that the course
work was way too dense for I I guess for
the amount of time allocated or for the
speed I'm but there's a final component
to go that's much more focused on ipfs
and live peer-to-peer so that should be
an interesting finish up aside from that
I don't have really anything interesting
to report
[Music]
I just want to second to that said about
the course of course actually pretty
awesome but it is two weeks solid of
material that some people optimistically
thought that will by the way will be
able to cover in like four days
that's also a little bit later today or
tomorrow I'm looking to the go idea
support for couples so it would really
help me if you guys have some car files
that are known [ __ ]
so they can basically start from a good
known state so to speak as tests test
cases and this overhead cool I have test
I have test car stuff that I'll share
with you after the meeting yeah
absolutely thank you okay so I will put
on the on the agendas for Chris because
like so it was like kind of like a few
briefly talk about the state of the
JavaScript side of things or like the
plans we have because like so to me
honestly could in that past it more or
less have been if purely wanted to
contribute as small as like just wait a
bit because I really changing everything
and like it's not a good time to
contribute but now I'm gonna call it
like it's like it's I mean I don't want
to send you away so therefore like we
certainly need to figure out some way of
making possible that even now people can
contribute to the transcript set of
things so I think we clearly need some
like yeah some better yeah documentation
about like at least like where we're
going like even if it's not like yeah
that's the new thing and just use it but
just like yeah because like for example
Technic someone was that you were
talking about this the blog service
stuff which is also one thing that I
wanted to get rid of since I so I joined
perhaps three years ago and I looked at
the code because I was like why is this
blog service in IPL de and so I want to
get rid of this for two years now and
like so I think that often is the time
but busy yeah those things so I'm not
sure if yeah so probably I need to talk
with rod and Michael about it like what
the base like wait for word and so so
Chris from for me you know I've been
working on this for less than a year now
but for me the most interesting cop
piece of context that we're profiling
some of your questions is the history of
IP LD and how it was extracted from IPs
vests as a discrete component at one
point
after it was after was realized hey
there's this thing in the middle of ipfs
that is its own thing let's extract it
and make it its own project and you see
the legacy of that shift all through
pretty much all the code bases but
particularly in JavaScript where it's
not fully extracted yet and that journey
has been to formalize the boundaries of
IP LD and how it can be used as an
independent thing and a lot of the
existing code and examples is about it
and the way it couples with ipfs and
that's not how we're using it for you
know little experimentation that we're
doing we're doing little projects here
and there
completely bit skeptic up 'old from ipfs
so using it as a way to deal with
distributed data without thinking too
much about that how does it get
distributed bit so you know putting them
into into storage services that are not
distributed using in just as ways to
create blocks to to store in car files
those archive files so the JavaScript
side the most recent work is that
jeaious block staff which is completely
detached but there's still a lot of
stuff around that that needs to be
finalized and built so yeah it's in an
awkward in-between state where we're
still trying to figure out how to get to
the next level I think from a little
different angle if you were to look at
the go repos and especially the one that
I linked to the my updates for the day
will be a very different take precisely
because what Ron said is true and in
this repo I made a very clean break and
essentially started over again a little
over a year ago so this is God not
necessarily more the lessons learned but
the ones that are are more consistently
applied since is you know another place
that would be awesome if you do want to
help out we were working really hard on
trying to improve the specs and
documentation overall and
Republic is it not language agnostic
respects your bow or that is sorry
language agnostic so if you've got a
fresh pair of eyes and you want to tell
us what's not clicking for you when you
read that content that is like the best
and yes please and I will listen so
intensely I think we're also very
recently starting to do some writing on
recommendations for library implementers
and I think that's a perspective that
might yield some interesting insights
especially if you DIF this tour with how
JavaScript is today what that's helpful
and you know I there's a couple things I
guess I forgot to mention is that there
didn't mainly writing JavaScript last I
guess six seven years but yeah I've done
C++ and C sharp and jog and all of my
past and I know that we have a specific
of an interest in learning Rus they've
read the book probably several times and
it's a lot to grok and take in and
actually had a project to and enough
time to focus on getting over that curve
but that is an interest of mine but
right now I can you know I can before
word JavaScript quickly and in actually
thing a lot of code that with my project
I'm working on probably be in that so
could certainly help out anything I
don't mind documenting going over the
specs I have no problem this part that's
one of help and I think one of the
things that might be helpful I guess
requests is just rain don't know I mean
if people are willing to take half hour
out and just stay with me on the video
conference calls and want me to pick
your brain and it's just I haven't I
could use that ramp up pretty quickly I
know the help I'm sure this kind of like
requests and destiny and I'll give you a
lot back and pretty sure I mean also
just if a reference to you so I actually
started a open source project myself
called Cornerstone Jas and so I'm
actually created from scratch about five
or six year
and it now has one 1,200
github stars and it's the most popular
open-source project in medical imaging
so you know I don't Lots like grow that
community and build it up and so I'm
very familiar and comfortable working
with open source projects and whatnot
and what I wanted to do even with my new
project I'm working right now is make it
completely open source for medical
imaging and healthcare so that's that's
the you know the goal or the direction
so pretty comfortable in this
environment and know how important it is
to be available to the community and
answer questions and be patients and
staff so you'd be that with me so no
like I said I'll come back and return
more than you've invested me I'm pretty
sure cool like that's really exciting so
yeah so but I think you can certainly
get those like yeah I don't like ping us
all right yeah so and so just also like
it's a background so I'm probably yeah
so I'm so far from this team I'm the
longest on JavaScript IP LD but like in
the last so being this year basically I
kind of like moved on to doing the rust
side of things but before this I did for
two years I did the JavaScript I purely
stuff and I think clearly the best
points of contact is probably rod or
Michael who Sally isn't today in the
core but yeah normally is yeah Michael
would be good too Michael's got much
more of a much more of a vision for what
the JavaScript side will be yeah I mean
I think about that a lot too but Mike
and Michael's actively working on some
new things now like he's got a new
project which are thinking I'd just open
sourced
that is me just quickly because this
might be really interesting to you it's
open source is open sourced so I'll just
put this in the chat Chris that that's
really fresh and that's using the newest
IP LD things and this is pushing towards
ideas about how do you
i PLD as an independent thing so and
that actually might be really relevant
to what you're working on and it's not
just the patterns but maybe even as a
consumer of it so have a poke at that
but yeah if you grab grab myself for
Michael I I would I would suggest the
Michael would be a if you can grab some
of his time to have a bit of a brain
dump on his ideas I'm available too I
mean I'm in Australia
Volkers in in Germany Michaels in the US
so your mileage may vary with regard to
getting people in different time zones
okay yeah I've actually I appreciate
that I'm in the u.s. to Minnesota so
I've had a couple of dialogues with
Michael earlier this week I guess the
big thing is just want to ask permission
because maybe sometimes he board heads
down crazy busy like Volkers been trying
to get that the actually no actually
important trend get the go I feel
d-prime a much last couple of meetings
that even working hard on that
so don't want to disturb you so there
this is like not a good week to bug you
let me know it so III would reinforce
what Eric said that the with his work on
my PL D Prime has really been a process
of reimagining IP LD as an independent
thing and and like my work has on the
JavaScript side I'm really only now
coming around to seeing the world in the
way that he's been seeing it since he's
been doing app he'll be private so it's
like he's you know he's got the vision
for how this thing should be independent
and and my learning has been the process
of of figuring out how how right Eric is
so in terms of sort of high-level
philosophical goals for IPL D itself I
think Eric is you know it's a great
person to to learn from but as it
applies to JavaScript now and in the me
immediate future
not imagine you may also think that
Michael is good for the like for the
Pacific javascript-based vision of how I
probably should work and I'm honestly
more or less just currently they kind of
like the maintainer of Betty making sure
that things still work with ipfs so I'm
not like yeah so just two year because
the perspective or like who's working on
which things so I'm they're doing the
releases and fixing small bugs but not
really like you're doing the
next-generation stuff so I I yeah kind
of Hannibal's overthrew rod and Michael
you know what's the best way to get
ahold Isis it through the IRC I just did
a direct message there or come on the
discord someone's discord what's the
best way to contact you guys so for me
it would be IRC yeah saying that works
for me I experienced it through the
wonders of the matrix but IRC bridging
it's the future yeah see I see okay well
look for you guys if you don't you know
call it maybe actually reach out to each
year this week and if it's about time
let me know or I would love to pick your
brains and see what I can do yeah
anything it's also like it I think it's
true for all of us like it's kind of
like we're also using busy doing all
those thing open source were so busy
just ya know just ping us and go easily
if we don't have time we will just tell
you and yeah so it's just like yeah feel
free to ping and okay
I want to add one excepting for case by
the way spoiler alert Eric is normally
right usually so I'm kind of on this
call more or less in the same capacity
as you are I don't work and I peel the
direct here I just kinda listening to
things together for you know for ipfs
longer-term projects when you approach
your current problem that you want to
try to use IPO do ways I very much would
like to encourage you too
like don't feel constrained by what you
read about IP ID right now so try to
have a better idea of what your
best-case scenario is for your you know
data model and so on so forth and then
see if I feel the mattress and it
doesn't match ask this group because
it's very likely that it can be can be
sufficiently been to accommodate
whatever you need as opposed going type
ok well there is this idea they think
how can I
shoehorn what iswhat I have as ideas
into this supposed aesthetic thing
because everything is like super
evolving and also there is a lot of
stuff to read so hearing kept very like
solid as from what is it that you want
to express if you have all the you know
all the perfect libraries in the world
definitely helps when approaching you
know what is already available what can
be built up yeah yeah well good the good
news there is I think I've read I think
I was good enough understanding about
he'll be at least how it works today and
I read read tons of the source code and
every like information page I could find
and so they're probably I've read at
least 80 to 90% of content that's out
there on this and I think it actually
what I'm trying to do what I feel he has
today I think actually is enough so I'm
curious you know there's new things to
understand how the newer things that yes
I think it about the future how they can
kind of intersect if I don't feel like
I'm blocked oh I need this feature but
it's the struggle I pad is just to make
sure I understand kind of the right way
of doing things
you know I guess from you guys is point
of view and pick what else I'd say is I
just want to get it you know and I think
I think I would pregame you're saying
getting it but you think I should
mention is that I'm a pretty strong
focus on performance that's one of the
things that in my careers I just make
very fast applications and medical
imaging that's actually harder than me
you may think because if it just a large
standard
weird and so a lot of times I'll look at
IP LD from a performance point of view
you know one person is I'm like how fast
is seaboard sterilized that's a good
question and decent deserialize actually
and also looking I P FS I've been
working with colleague and we're like
hey I moved it he's in California I'm
here this is like how fast we move 200
megabytes of data from my notes you're
known over 1 gigabit connections and so
like we're just playing like that trying
to understand the base performance
profiles and when I look at design
architecture I always have that in mind
so anyway it looks good as this day just
would like to get it document I mean I
actually didn't think about like my
project being open source might be a
good way I don't know I guess gets into
medical imaging which is lucky the warm
no but show an example how you take I
guess a data model way of doing things
and map me and I PLD would be probably
beneficial a lot of people there's
something out there right now it's like
there's a lot of small examples and kind
of like conceptual things but not like
let me take you know this application
which didn't have a mutable data model
wall and like math and an IPL de and now
it works I haven't found anything like
that yet so no something that should be
helpful yep I'm doing that we need more
Docs that talk about a right way of
doing things or it kind of reminds me of
the way people talk about a pythonic way
of doing things we don't really have any
documentation at that level yet and yeah
we should do it it's about time that
that would be one example of modeling
data that I think went well that's kind
of a recent one is I don't know if
you've taken a peek at the selector
system but that was something that we
designed with in IPL B as a tool for IPL
D so you know it's a bit met it in that
way but if you disregard that believe
some of the IP of these schema systems
as a design language and the entire
thing is gone engraved it yeah that's
good umm sorry I just thought Peters
chat and text and totally lost my train
of thought party
with selectors the description of what
you are going to do with the selector
has some human readable syntax and it
also has a way of being understood
canonically as the IPL de deck the thing
that we would maybe call an AST when
though it's not very we haven't figured
out what to call this thing where you
have a data model it's not an abstract
syntax tree because it's immune to
syntax right it's a little more abstract
than that then the whole selectors
engine is built over this abstract thing
tree and that seemed to work out really
well so it might be an interesting case
study it for extracting some lessons
from not sure what's happening
great ok almost maybe that project
you're mentioning selectors which you'll
find some information about those in the
specs repo I think there's just a
directory at the top called selectors no
this is one of the things that's
unfortunately only implemented in go as
of yet I don't think there's a giant
blue tation so to bruise your eyes on my
code over there and a lot of that was
written by somebody else or a team
called Hana yeah hopefully some of the
specs content allowance enough to get a
feel for you okay well thank you all for
being patient with me and answering my
questions on many more to come
super excited you joined us is this the
end of my reading time I guess well
we're actually over time but I want to
really quickly rod you mentioned couple
of comments on
on the pool request about schema
about the select the URL selector syntax
sorry its name
there are couple things that stood out
where he basically mentions that maps
will map keys are essentially strings
which means the Derry valid Unicode as
far as I understand this is no longer
the case and hasn't been for a while so
like this is not something probably
needs to be can I talked about on the
pier itself because it's not really that
important this iteration but in general
map keys tend to be just any bytes so it
can be malformed unicode and it can be
in invalid pass essentially so slashes
no bytes
any nasty that you can think of dots
double dots and that's all varied and we
on the lower level in basically when us
letters we can need to support all of
that
you're missing it
they saying we need to make sure that
selector supports bytes so that we can
reference the full range of keys
regarded of how regardless of how
they're represented in strings because
the data model I build a data model is
still still says strings as the only
form of keys for maps why this thing is
that so dated this well so some of the
docs that I wrote recently and the
library have some very interesting and
very careful word selection about that
it says strings are interpreted as their
sequence of 8-bit bytes no nibbles no
nine bit bytes eight bits that is how
many a kite is right so then for
portability does that mean then we're
essentially supporting byte keys yeah
Eric you need to this is this is your
next task is to go to the specs repo and
talk about map keys yeah that's fair
yeah it keeps on coming up and we need
to have much more clarity about exactly
what's supported and what what it means
and the rationale as well I mean from my
perspective it doesn't really change
anything right this moment but yeah we
need to have like a final verdict on all
this and cause other stuff like like a
lot of the I know the web Gateway for
example will totally need to have a
definition of how to get from a URL pass
which doesn't support like it's much
half of the corner cases to something
that could potentially be the entire
gamut of any white possible
accommodation yeah I'd see this when we
get it's gonna be interesting if you if
you do some spec work on this because in
JavaScript it gets very tricky but with
the way we're doing it anyway I mean
with if if we evolve till it to a place
that's more similar to IPL d-prime where
you navigate through through nodes in a
via a an external API that you know
jumps through your data rather than
giving you porcelain and that's fine but
if we go the way we're doing it now
which is just give you the the porcelain
as it is it just doesn't work for the
JavaScript if if we jump outside of
string keys like just say strings I know
that that that it's the Unicode that
makes that complicated but that's where
that's where we're gonna need a lot of
spec work and alone ago she ation I
think true for what it's worth some of
the latest stocks in the I appealed the
primary photo do also still have a bunch
of warnings on saying this standard
domain here this is not gonna round-trip
right now and that specification needs a
little more work in the core specs we go
and we will return to this SoftLayer
yeah yeah I think it's like having the
slash in the part in the key is like we
support that then we just need to make
sure we're very clear the users that you
use slashes in your keys a bunch of
stuff will probably not work with as you
expect yeah I think it's historically
been really difficult to document this
because there's a bunch of different
applications the IP OD is being
extracted from the ipfs project things
really clearly here that's piece of
history yeah because ipfs mostly is an
application that regards files and
filesystem paths and making sure those
work in URLs in an unsurprising way
making sure that they can be mounted as
a POSIX file system and all that implies
is restrictions and challenges
and I feel D isn't I peel D is a way of
working with maps and lists and data in
general it does not necessarily have
applications to a file system and
certainly not necessarily a POSIX one
all the rules of that implies that just
happens to be one of the biggest
historical users so when we deal with
this part of the specification about
keys and strings and paths we have to
make sure that we know to acknowledge
both of those things and say when you're
using this kind of application here's
some semantics that you can probably
expect when you're using this kind of
application or I appeal to you directly
then these much fraud rules are the ones
they do live within and yeah it just
needs lots of lots of specification
working clarity on those things
yeah it's but it's the language the
language portability is the biggest
thing here that it's gonna hold up for
this particular topic anyway yeah a
feeling somebody is going to need to
talk me through JavaScript and its idea
of strings the next week or so because I
don't want to specify anything that's a
wildly inefficient either I to be honest
I think it's much more to do with the
way that IPL is implemented in
JavaScript than it is about JavaScript
strings because in JavaScript in the
JavaScript API is now you interact with
IPL D as instantiated objects we give
you an object that is instantiated from
the codec and and we just can't do non
string keys because they need to go on
objects and so it's the way that
JavaScript objects have field names
essentially that's the limitation and
you know if we were to get over that and
implement an IPL D that that had much
more of an eye appeal D prime then it
would probably be fine and we would use
much more modern constructs when storing
Maps but we don't have that and we're
not even close to having that so but
maybe that's the target that we have to
assign ourselves
you know I'm kind of thinking some
document analyzing the gaps in concepts
and also just in vocabulary the joint
our libraries might be a good thing to
do because I think we know that there
are some gaps there and I mean at least
for me I don't entirely know what all of
them are being should you try to make a
like list side by side go name jsj
and then rust name is that product keeps
rolling logins so on I think they're
probably pretty close but there's maybe
a few things that are like not quite and
then C++ because there is hepatitis or
that so yeah I think that
recommendations for library implementers
section of the docs is gonna get real
useful real quick thank you and how much
I think about it by the way Eric your
experience with Java probably will come
handy as well because they have their
own version of interesting when it's
things are concerned
Sarika center of them go ahead that's
interesting hearing you talk about this
and I know if anyone was around in the
days of Corbin a common object request
broker associations and Technology built
in the 90s to basically connect great
distributed systems and they have this
ideal language so compiled into bindings
for different languages and there's you
know the same kind of problem where
they're like okay well what's the you
know what can you do with the IDL and
they you had always kind of weird
bindings and to work around concepts in
the ideal that want in the other
languages that you're working with and I
think it young obvious is doable and so
we find that having integers as keys in
a map is absolutely critical you can
create you know Java scripts kind of
wrappers around objects or whatever it
is provided provide a library like
navigate that but one of the things I
think actually likes the I feel when you
just come as a newbie person is I was
like JSON is a pretty common denominator
and everything so far
has really designed around that so if it
works in JSON you know Tucson works
everyone in particular works in
JavaScript natively which is obviously a
very very important language nowadays so
deviating from that you're gonna run
into some of the same problems Corbett
had another know IDL based languages
have so maybe it's worth it but I think
there's a certain elegance and beauty of
IPL d today with it basically kind of
being constrained by JSON that I
appreciate at least okay we probably
should wrap it up we'll be recording on
YouTube forever is full code just
dropped his connection command powers
now I can stop live stream IV made the
host for some reason so I can stop live
stream okay I'm gonna stop it moving